APM > .NET > add new feature flags and fix logging description (#10221)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/tracing/setup_overview/setup/dotnet-core.md

| `DD_TRACE_DEBUG` <br/><br/>`DebugEnabled`           | Enables or disables debug logging. Valid values are: `true` or `false` (default).                                                                          |
| `DD_TRACE_HEADER_TAGS`                              | Accepts a map of case-insensitive header keys to tag names and automatically applies matching header values as tags on root spans. Also accepts entries without a specified tag name. Example: `CASE-insensitive-Header:my-tag-name,User-ID:userId,My-Header-And-Tag-Name`. Added in version 1.18.3. Response header support and entries without tag names added in version 1.26.0. |
| `DD_TRACE_LOG_DIRECTORY`                            | Sets the directory for .NET Tracer logs.<br/><br/>Default: `%ProgramData%\Datadog .NET Tracer\logs\`      |
| `DD_TRACE_LOG_PATH`                                 | Sets the path for the automatic instrumentation log file and determines the directory of all other .NET Tracer log files. Ignored if `DD_TRACE_LOG_DIRECTORY` is set.             |

> | `DD_TRACE_LOGGING_RATE`                             | Sets rate limiting for log messages. If set, unique log lines will be written once per `x` seconds. For example, to log a given message once per 60 seconds, set to `60`. Setting to `0` disables log rate limiting. Added in version 1.24.0. Disabled by default. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `DD_TRACE_LOGGING_RATE`                             | Sets rate limiting for log messages. If set, unique log lines are written once per `x` seconds. For example, to log a given message once per 60 seconds, set to `60`. Setting to `0` disables log rate limiting. Added in version 1.24.0. Disabled by default. |
```

| `DD_TRACE_SERVICE_MAPPING`                          | Rename services using configuration. Accepts a map of service name keys to rename, and the name to use instead, in the format `[from-key]:[to-name]`. For example: `mysql:main-mysql-db, mongodb:offsite-mongodb-service`. `from-key` is specific to the integration type, and should exclude the application name prefix. For example, to rename `my-application-sql-server` to `main-db`, use `sql-server:main-db`. Added in version 1.23.0 |

> | `DD_TAGS`<br/><br/>`GlobalTags`                     | If specified, adds all of the specified tags to all generated spans Example: `layer:api,team:intake`. Added in version 1.17.0.                                                           |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `DD_TAGS`<br/><br/>`GlobalTags`                     | If specified, adds all of the specified tags to all generated spans. Example: `layer:api,team:intake`. Added in version 1.17.0.                                                           |
```

| `DD_TRACE_HEADER_TAGS`                              | Accepts a map of case-insensitive header keys to tag names and automatically applies matching header values as tags on root spans. Example: `CASE-insensitive-Header:my-tag-name,User-ID:userId`. Added in version 1.18.3.  |
| `DD_TRACE_LOG_DIRECTORY`                            | Sets the directory for .NET Tracer logs.<br/><br/>Default: `%ProgramData%\Datadog .NET Tracer\logs\`      |
| `DD_TRACE_LOG_PATH`                                 | Sets the path for the automatic instrumentation log file and determines the directory of all other .NET Tracer log files. Ignored if `DD_TRACE_LOG_DIRECTORY` is set.             |

> | `DD_TRACE_LOGGING_RATE`                             | Sets rate limiting for log messages. If set, unique log lines will be written once per `x` seconds. For example, to log a given message once per 60s, set to `60`. Setting to `0` disables log rate limiting. | `DD_TRACE_LOGGING_RATE`                             | Sets rate limiting for log messages. If set, unique log lines will be written once per `x` seconds. For example, to log a given message once per 60s, set to `60`. Setting to `0` disables log rate limiting. Added in version 1.24.0, disabled by default |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| `DD_TRACE_LOGGING_RATE`                             | Sets rate limiting for log messages. If set, unique log lines will be written once per `x` seconds. For example, to log a given message once per 60 seconds, set to `60`. Setting to `0` disables log rate limiting. Added in version 1.24.0. Disabled by default. |
```

Not sure what happened here, but the text is there twice?

| `DD_TRACE_HEADER_TAGS`                              | Accepts a map of case-insensitive header keys to tag names and automatically applies matching header values as tags on root spans. Example: `CASE-insensitive-Header:my-tag-name,User-ID:userId`. Added in version 1.18.3.  |
| `DD_TRACE_LOG_DIRECTORY`                            | Sets the directory for .NET Tracer logs.<br/><br/>Default: `%ProgramData%\Datadog .NET Tracer\logs\`      |
| `DD_TRACE_LOG_PATH`                                 | Sets the path for the automatic instrumentation log file and determines the directory of all other .NET Tracer log files. Ignored if `DD_TRACE_LOG_DIRECTORY` is set.             |

> | `DD_TRACE_LOGGING_RATE`                             | Sets rate limiting for log messages. If set, unique log lines will be written once per `x` seconds. For example, to log a given message once per 60s, set to `60`. Setting to `0` disables log rate limiting. Disabled by default |

Reviewer 3: In what version was this setting added?

Author: That's a slightly complicated question - it was originally added in `1.24.0`, enabled by default. We then disabled it during debug mode by default in `1.25.0`, and in `1.26.0` we disable it by default entirely. I'm guessing I should put `1.24.0+`, though the behaviour specifically describes `1.26.0`?

Reviewer 3: I think `Added in version 1.24.0` is fine since that's the version where users can start using this, and setting it to a non-default value has the same behavior in all those versions. (right?)

Author: done in https://github.com/DataDog/documentation/pull/10221/commits/51e9f8bdf7ab18c1f41b3d6b64bb496b7755c008

|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| `DD_TRACE_<INTEGRATION_NAME>_ENABLED`<br/><br/>`Integrations[<INTEGRATION_NAME>].Enabled`            | Enables or disables a specific integration. Valid values are: `true` (default) or `false`. Integration names are listed in the [Integrations][5] section.                          |

#### Experimental features

> The following table below lists configuration variables for features which are available for use, but which may change in a future releases. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The following table lists configuration variables for features that are available for use but may change in future releases. 
```

| Setting Name                                        | Description                                                                                                                                                                                                       |
|-----------------------------------------------------|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

> | `DD_TRACE_ROUTE_TEMPLATE_RESOURCE_NAMES_ENABLED`    | Enables improved resource names for web spans when set to `true`. Uses route template information where available, adds an additional span for ASP.NET Core integrations, and enables additional tags. Default value is `false`. Added in version 1.26.0             |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| `DD_TRACE_ROUTE_TEMPLATE_RESOURCE_NAMES_ENABLED`    | Enables improved resource names for web spans when set to `true`. Uses route template information where available, adds an additional span for ASP.NET Core integrations, and enables additional tags. Default value is `false`. Added in version 1.26.0.             |
```

> | `DD_TRACE_PARTIAL_FLUSH_ENABLED`                    | Enables incrementally flushing large traces to the Datadog Agent, reducing the chance of rejection by the Agent. Use only when you have long-lived traces or traces with many spans. Valid values are `true` or `false` (default). Added in version 1.26.0, only compatible with the Datadog Agent 7.26.0+             |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| `DD_TRACE_PARTIAL_FLUSH_ENABLED`                    | Enables incrementally flushing large traces to the Datadog Agent, reducing the chance of rejection by the Agent. Use only when you have long-lived traces or traces with many spans. Valid values are `true` or `false` (default). Added in version 1.26.0, only compatible with the Datadog Agent 7.26.0+.             |
```
